## What is WealthWatchers?
This is a very in depth project made with a variety of tools, for Hack BI IX. This website was produced using.... 1. A C++ backend, like the engine of the website! This program does all the calculations and manages all of the data storage for the website 2. A Python middle layer, similar to what connects the engine to the wheels. This middle layer allows communication between the user interface, and the backend. The AI is also managed through this program. Flask allows data to be transferred to and from the user with requests in the browser. 3. A front-end, made with HTML, CSS, and JS. The HTML and CSS and mostly just so that the website can appeal to the user. The Javascript communicates with Python via POST and GET requests. The Javascript also parses the AI input & output, along with parsing the values in each transaction. And finally, the star of the show, AI! The specific AI used in this project is GPT-mini4o, and it is accesed using an API key connected to OpenRouter. MLH provided every participant with $10 in OpenRouter credits, so why not make best use of them? The AI is given a pre-prompt for their instructions, and how they are to respond through Python. Then, they are given the transaction data from the C++ program, before they get to respond to your prompt!
## My experience using generative AI
I would say my experience using generative AI was pretty good. It took me quite some time to create my account, get the API key, and even consider using OpenRouter! I had first just created the CLI version of the finance tracker, and extended it to the website, but I thought that there needed to be something more! So I thought "AI would be a great thing to use, especially considering how much of a buzzword it is right now". It took lots and lots and lots of trials to figure out how I should pre-prompt the LLM in order to make sure it was giving me long, nice, clear, and complete responses. You really have to know what you are doing in order to jump right into something as complicated as that. I did not know what I was getting into! But overall, it worked in the end, and it makes a pretty good addition to the website!
## Low- and mid- level programming
I have lots of experience with C++, and especially low-level-management, so I was very comfortable figuring out how to store data in CSV form, and collect data on the user! Python is not quite as low-level as C++, but I used it with all sorts of applications this time! It was used to run command lines and sent input and output directly to the C++ program via bash, while also being used at a higher level, using the Flask module to host a local website on localhost. Python and C++ are languages I have been doing individually for a long time, and I kept up that trend of working individually today! I take a lot of pride in my work, and especially seeing how far I can keep going.
